"California Dreamin'"

















"California Dreamin'" lyrics

Omar Apollo Lyrics




"California Dreamin'"
(originally by Barry McGuire)



All the leaves are brown (All the leaves are brown)
And the sky is gray (And the sky is gray)
I've been for a walk (I've been for a walk)
On a winter's day (On a winter's day)
I'd be safe and warm (I'd be safe and warm)
If I was in L.A. (If I was in L.A.)
California dreamin' (California dreamin')
On such a winter's day

Stopped in to a church
I passed along the way
Well I got down on my knees 
And I pretend to pray 
You know the preacher lights the coals 
He knows I'm gonna stay
California dreamin' dreamin' dreamin' 
On such a winter's day

All the leaves are brown
And the sky is gray (And the sky is gray)
I've been for a walk (I've been for a walk)
On a winter's day (On a winter's day)
I'd be safe and warm (I'd be safe and warm)
If I was in L.A. (If I was in L.A.)
California dreamin' (California dreamin')
On such a winter's day

















 Submit Corrections






Writer(s): John Edmund Andrew Phillips, Michelle Gilliam Phillips











AZLyrics
O
Omar Apollo Lyrics




You May Also Like
WILLOW - "Wait A Minute!" Wait a minute
I think I left my conscience on your front doorstep, oh oh
Wait a minute
I think I left my consciousness in the sixth dimension
But I'm here right now, right now
(Right now, right now)...
BROCKHAMPTON - "WASTE"  Was I more than it's worth
Or will you see my name and I'll fade?
Pitch my camp in your mind
Sat by the fire, behind your eyes
And I'll look through them just once or twice
But I might see something...
Kali Uchis & Rico Nasty - "¡aquí yo mando!"  I'm your little mamacita (-cita)
Haces todo lo que diga, yeah
Si estás conmigo solo mando yo, yeah
Aquí no es cómo y cuando pides

Mando, aquí yo mando
Si quieres conmigo vete acostumbrando...
Majid Jordan - "Superstar" I just wanna spend my life with you (With you)
Go around the world and to the moon (With you)
I just wanna share the light with you (With you)
Have some kids and move to France with you (With you)
I...
Cautious Clay - "HONEST ENOUGH" Honest enough
We could play the blame game too

Look how much you livin' for the madness
Somethin' bout the, roses at the end of your mattress
Runnin' through reasons that you thought
Money would...





 Search





